Lucy documentation (#2601)
freesewing/freesewing: markdown/org/docs/patterns/lucy/needs/en.md

---
title: "Lucy tie-on pocket: What You Need"
---

To make Lucy, you will need the following:

- [Basic sewing supplies](/docs/sewing/basic-sewing-supplies)

> - Roughly half a meter of suitable fabric ([see Fabric options](/docs/patterns/lucy/fabric))
> - Another half a meter of fabric if using a lining
> - About 2 meters of bias binding or strips of fabric if binding the edges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- About 0.5 meters (0.6 yards) of suitable fabric ([see Fabric options](/docs/patterns/lucy/fabric))
- About 0.5 meters (0.6 yards) of fabric if using a lining
- About 2 meters (2.2 yards) of bias binding or strips of fabric if binding the edges
```

Brings in line with other documentation.
